{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red1\green22\blue40;\red223\green232\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c11373\c20784;\cssrgb\c89804\c92941\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I\'92m utilizing ML final project to expand the possibility of my Major Studio project (Design and Technology MFA\'92s core course leading up to thesis). My project - tentatively subtitled \'93knitting reassurance into anxious moments\'94 - is a hybrid tangible and digital user interface targeting high-achieving, young women prone to anxiety. The textile/or knitting-based wearable remembers user\'92s loved ones touch imprints and lets user re-experience the affective touch when detecting the onset of anxiety based on Heart Rate Variability and self-report. I want to acknowledge that this project is intended to be submitted to 
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14600 \cf3 \cb4 \strokec3 <a href="\cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 https://s2025.siggraph.org/program/posters/\cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 ">
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 Siggraph\'92s Post
\fs29\fsmilli14600 er
\f1 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 </a>
\f0 \cf0 \cb1 \strokec2  open call this year with a deadline of April 24. As the project lead, I recruited the help from two fellow classmates to take care of wearable design and digital UI/UX design.\
\
To elaborate more on the data processing, I\'92m hoping to predict the onset of anxiety based on HRV, age, sex, time, (and maybe physical activity). When the model predicts the result, the digital user interface prompts user to confirm if they are actually feeling anxious. If so, log their trigger and initiate the affective touch actuation. The goal is for the model to learn from self-report data, as well as the user specific data over time so that it can better predict the onset of anxiety. \
\
I want to acknowledge that in the near future, I might want to incorporate more sensors or collect more data from the phone, such as GPS, physical activity, and skin conductive, brainwaves. \
\
I\'92m in the process of looking for datasets from low frequency PPG reading.}